hello I'm ivx clicker and today I'm
going to be doing class setup tips for
the honey badger assault rifle the
silenced assault rifles that's used by
most people I said this is the most
frequently used gun in the game and I
thought for the longest time it be the
opie weapon but it's not it's not even
the best assault rifle it's just a good
assault rifle it's a good weapon and it
has its niche but it's not the best for
everything you know fully gets that in
this video so basically this gameplay is
I think it's only twenty five to twenty
five on a Stonehaven and that's against
really bad people but it's one of those
game so it's like I don't know how I did
well but let's let's upload this anyway
and see what people think so it's when
the game first came out and I've been
playing for a couple days already so
that's why everyone's so bad it's not we
playing squads a lot of people think
that up from my day one game list it's
just everyone not understanding the map
so me taking advantage but still
managing to do pretty well so that's
what this gameplay is and yes let's get
into actually talking at the honey
badger why it's interesting as stuff
standing badger has the integrates
answer and I dub I did my research on
you know the honey badger versus the up
weapons in terms of range if they're
tree at Sun so she takes away from it
and basically it's kind of like a half
sorta like half the penalty from not
having the science rod so it's a score
low less range than the other assault
rifles but the like it's not as much
science it would take off but there's no
way to burn muzzle brake on to pull it
you know extra twenty percent like they
were so sorry I'm sad so if the muzzle
breaks one of your favorite attachments
you really enjoy getting that 20% range
back then this is probably you know not
the sort of you if you were going to put
a sort of weapon anyway this is a good
one to use
so yeah let's go right into why I
recommend actually using on this weapon
and why it's so nice so basically as far
as the science' goes it's already got
one bow in as far as sights go I do not
like any sights on this weapon if you I
tried using a holographic I'd used an
ACOG for an obit and I also use a red
dot none of them really did what I want
them to do I keep in a red dot I
actually prefer the iron sights to a red
dot because even though I love the red
dot you know that if you've seen these
videos something about these iron sights
just work at the range this weapons
let's do because this out it has a lot
of kick at long ranges but close ranges
the iron sights just seem to track
targets better you know there's
something about them maybe it's those
green dots maybe I just really liked
them but I'm not sure leaders but I
really prefer I know something you go
red dot buy it recommend trying to use
the iron sights first because they're
really really good iron sights they work
on the ranges now
and you don't really need them pass the
ranges that it works at so that's what I
recommend their second full that means
that we now have to like perk sorry two
attachments wrong reach up quipment slot
and you can basically pull on anything
you want or one from each category which
means you essentially have four
attachments on this weapon which is
really really nice thing about it I
think that's on the things a lot of
people like so since though I did have
an under barrel and a I guess it's a
magazine type attachment than what I
went with is extended magazine grip
alternatively you could go something
wacky like shotgun and armor-piercing
we'll get into a more quirky been
interesting League actually effective
closer later so let's go right with the
recommend twelves right now grip and
extended magazine which I know unique
but basically the grip blows recall 20%
allows you to go a little bit further of
your range even read doctor it by the
way doesn't work too well and extended
mags cuz only has Burt in the clip if my
is pretty fast not F 80 or ARX fast but
still why it's pretty darn fast so you
kind of need the extended mags if you
want to get you know like three four
kills the clip rather than one or two oh
yeah that's what I'd recommend as far as
the attachments go
secondaries I would actually recommend
pulling on the akimbo pistol so this
loadout although well is a pretty good
close-range weapon and putting out they
came a pistol as well you know kind of
make you lose the the stope of it I
really still would recommend just
because is it a sauropod aren't the best
at close range on the game they do
pretty well with close range but you
want to have the you know just that neck
low back sure and close range obviously
on the larger maps you could forego the
secondaries but I just leave them on
there anyway so I'm am used to having
them there because swishing out for each
map is difficult so tacticals I did not
go over tactic over this weapon or move
since it is a sore overage you could go
over thermobaric grenade or a nine thing
or something I really didn't find them
that useful on the larger maps but if
you're playing Doman 9 bangs always fun
sort don't strike zone so yeah that's
what I'd recommend spars that goes are
lethal a c4 it's nice it just it covers
everything so well obviously could trade
out for a grenade I'd recommend c4 just
it works for everything in my opinion
except the crazy long range but the long
range you can actually just kill away so
it's kind of the defensive equipment
which is why I like I like to defend
myself
IEDs also you know an option if you want
to play stealthy and just
really be annoying which I guess is what
some people don't call GD I see that's
why I'd recommend as far as equipment
goes so Oaks is a little bit interesting
with this one you can go with the
stealth perks which kind of fits the
build which is off the radar dead
silence and takedown I think but I
honestly wouldn't recommend it because I
think you should maybe strengthen this
weapon before you go into the step so
first of all stalker stalk is really
nice because it means you can just keep
you know moving around a nice like as
you move quick draw is also a nice one
in that category yes steady aim will
really help you out close range turn you
into an SMG kind of almost close range
of science that's been due to and then
maybe a little bit on the go so you can
sprint around corners and stuff and do
that fast stuff and then if you've got
the points laying around then the Jim T
is always a nice one too so then off
you've got those points perks you want
on hardline and paying our another two
that are particularly good then I'd
recommend if you have any points left
and you really want the self off the
radar on the radar operator whatever
it's called is a smart one and so is
because it pairs really well the
silencer not that you really show up in
UAV that much anyway but off the radar
will just give you that tiny bit off you
know nice I guess
avoidance and then dead silence will
keep you hidden at close range which is
where you really want to be able is
weapon because I guess close / medium
range to pull it more inspect it this
weapon is a good assault rifle in there
is a SMG kind of built in but not a full
SMG it's confusing to explain as yeah
that's this weapon in a nutshell we use
a closed medium rage and you'll do some
well it's good things so it's really
disgusting different loadout for this
weapon because there is a second way to
use it that most of us always calm be
use basically you've got a burst fire
attachment on it as well as potentially
a red dot for it because red dot seems
to tear well first fire you could
obviously trade that out for something
like the grip so you get the extra if
their aim as she works really well with
the burst by it's one of like tourists
or else I think actually works a burst
where it has a little bit increased
damage as well so my helping up you're
going for a long range there it's really
nice to soul reppin if you pair a burst
by so maybe you know give that try if
you want to stress button in a different
way and yeah that's how you would use
the honey badger assault rifle I hope
you have enjoyed studio I hope helps you
make it good class in the honey badger I
assume that you've already used the
honey badger a lot because
and we're now stinking up the honey
badger for us but I preferred the sa80
just on the basic look of it myself but
that's just me so yeah I if you probably
use already the user this weapon but if
you haven't then definitely give it a
try because it's interesting again not
the best but interesting and that's all
I want from a weapon in Call of Duty and
that's all you should want to maybe
sometimes so yeah this game is coming to
a close I did again I did well even
though I really should have done
beautifully d'amour there's like so many
level ones twos and fours it's there was
the most exciting time of year when you
get the game early and then you get to
kill everyone because they don't
understand what they're doing at
midnight it was yeah it was a fun thing
so if your trivia like it I think I said
that check out the other two videos on
screen just off the outro thanks for
watching and good bye